this is from 13 to 50 thousand views on youtube
he showed himself quite well
and all thanks to the high
who is interested in a blow and their vision
music in general and everything is built around everything
known and all the games of figures 4 through
two
and 2 chili come in
that is, we play four times with our hands
two times with our feet and we played two times
hands once to his defense against attacks
and now I play
tel
the priest is broken up between the small
drum committee by 1 fully
reminds famous spawned
just hail
but still a bit different
it starts with a two strike machine
on the snare and then two follow
spawned but non-standard right
and left right right left right and left
left
and right and left right right and left
right right and left
and then it comes to my head but now
see
five
everything
m
so let's close the sixteenth year and
phrases 3 16
and now let's create a registration
300 p
Now cut this sedan and so
helping installations
with an acceptable option is
such
per day
then you can often meet brazil
which is part of the battle find out
network betting but at home right in St. Petersburg
this time 2
everything is very simple two pilots for a similar
view
so something interesting but at home
Well, not bigley new track lady gaga something
have it can be used and how would
them at the end of the phrase and to the print bit
everything